Implement `skip` handling for fields of fixed size (#1646)
zeek/spicy: doc/programming/parsing.rst

    :show-with: foo.spicy

``skip`` works for all kinds of fields but is particularly efficient
for fields of known size for which optimized code will be generating
avoiding the overhead of storing any data.

``skip`` fields may have conditions and hooks attached, like any other fields.

> However, they do not support ``$$`` in expressions and hook. Since ``skip``
> fields might be completely elided there is no guarantee that any stateful side
> effects from parsing them happens, e.g. ``&requires`` attributes might be
> ignored, side effects of ``&convert`` attributes might not manifest, and hooks
> could not end up being invoked.

Reviewer: I'd phrase this more directly as "undefined", like:

```suggestion
However, they do not support ``$$`` in expressions and hook. 

Since ``skip``
allows the compiler to optimize the field's parsing code---including completely 
eliding most of it---it remains undefined if any side effects associated with the 
field will take effect. For example, ``&requires`` attributes might be ignored, 
``&convert`` expressions might not be evaluated, and hooks could end up not 
being invoked.
```
